docs: reword standalone docs (#1173)
nuxt/nuxtjs.org: content/en/guides/configuration-glossary/configuration-build.md

## standalone

> > An **advanced** mode to bundle server dependencies with Webpack.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Inline server bundle dependencies (advanced)
```

- Type: `Boolean`
- Default: `false`

This mode bundles `node_modules` that are normally preserved as externals in the server build ([more information](https://github.com/nuxt/nuxt.js/pull/4661)).

> <base-alert type="warning">**Warning**: not all dependencies are guaranteed to be bundled (for example, if there are dynamic imports in a 3rd-party module), so this is for advanced users only.</base-alert>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<base-alert type="warning">**Warning*: Runtime dependencies (modules, `nuxt.config`, server middleware and static directory) are not bundled. This feature only disables use of [webpack-externals](https://webpack.js.org/configuration/externals/) for server-bundle.</base-alert>
```
